(Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh)
Whatever happened to predictability
The milkman, the paperboy, evening TV?
How did I get delivered here?
Somebody tell me, please
This old world's confusing me
With clouds as mean as you've ever seen
Ain't a bird who knows your tune.
Then a little voice inside you whispers,
"Kid don't sell your dreams, so soon."
Everywhere you look
(Everywhere you look)
There's a heart
(There's a heart)
A hand to hold onto
Everywhere you look
(Everywhere you look)
There's a face
Of somebody who needs you
Everywhere you look
When you're lost out there
and you're all alone,
A light is waiting
to carry you home.
Everywhere you look
(doop-a-dee-ba-ba-dow)